Date:2022-05-07
So prior to this class I have almost no knowledge of digital history, how it began or where it is going. But if you asked me to think of history and digital in the same sentence I would ask you how they are related. And I would say that history is hundreds/thousands of years old. And history is written in books not digitally. But after doing the readings for this week there is actually quite a few years of digital history and it is growing at a rapid pace in universities across Canada. And after reading Kimbereley Martin's article it opened my eyes to what digital history actually meant. How it's not just doing research on the web but how it's actually thinking about the lengths that the world is becoming digitally advanced from cameras, to televisions to now smartphones digital history is here and bigger than ever now. She states how the most common practice was to learn through books and study in libraries, but now with a new world that is a thing of the past and digital history is a thing of the future. Going through the tutorials this week it was very exciting to work through python and after entering a few words with brackets and symbols seeing all those other sequences pop up. I am already finding it very interesting to work with these new systems and I am looking forward to seeing where they can take me and what I can do with them. I really want to learn more about how these systems work in depth and the direction I aim to go through digital history is simply one of exploration. I am not very tech saavy but I know that I am determined and eager to learn the basics and hopefully continue learning more digital history after this class is done
