This part of the course was interesting, I was able to update my excel skills and also learn about Wget and R studio. Now I seem to continuously run into problems with R studio so it was nice to receive a cloud version from the Professor which seemed to work better with my laptop. So although I am struggling with a few things through these tutorials as I anticipated I have been able to find a lot of help through discord as well as on the web.
Doing the readings from this week it was very interesting to find out that a lot of the work done to further the available resources online is through volunteer and unpaid workers. I have heard of the word crowdsourcing in the past  but never really to this extent and having people from all over the world and from people through 91 different countries.(Causer 91) I was also very surprised to find out that funding for many of these projects comes from either government grants or from donations and other academic sources such as colleges and universities. I guess typically when searching through stuff online and using databases such as Macodrum or Jstor I don't really think about the work that went into them to get all of that information online. But I certainly took a few extra moments this past week to appreciate all the work that went into them. Especially other places which were built solely on volunteer contributions and the help of just random people passing on their knowledge to the world. I never really thought of myself as part of digital history or as a part of history in general. But when I first signed up for this class about a month ago now I guess it got me thinking. When I think about history I think about major events such as wars or revolutions but the last let's say 30-40 years technology has been making major progress and being born in the generation that had access to internet at a young age we are essentially creating a new era of history the age of technology. Which in say a couple hundred years people may look back and say our technology was prehistoric or ancient or what was life before the internet. Digital history now in my mind may the future of history and may be the cause of many major events that cause people to look back and say that was a major point in human history. So my place in digital history now I think would be a place of exploration as the internet is still relatively new to humans and all we can say especially myself as a non techy person. And exploring the digital world around us as it grows everyday and becomes even more intertwined in our lives.
